opt-in reactive providers (#1113)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- Schema compilation error messages are now concatenated within the `GenerateCode` class before shown in the Console, creating only one error message instead of several. [#1107](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1107)

> - Fixed some reactive components for Events and Commands not being encapsulated with the `USE_LEGACY_REACTIVE_COMPONENTS` symbol. [#1113](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1113)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed some reactive components for events and commands that were not correctly encapsulated with the `USE_LEGACY_REACTIVE_COMPONENTS` symbol. [#1113](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1113)
```

> - Fixed some reactive components for Events and Commands not being encapsulated with the `USE_LEGACY_REACTIVE_COMPONENTS` symbol. [#1113](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1113)

Reviewer 2: this should go in a `### Fixed` section

> - Fixed some reactive components for events and commands that were not correctly encapsulated with the `USE_LEGACY_REACTIVE_COMPONENTS` symbol. [#1113](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1113)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed some reactive components for events and commands that were not correctly encapsulated with the `USE_LEGACY_REACTIVE_COMPONENTS` symbol. [#1113](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1113)
```
